
If you were expecting something other than a blowout, then I don't know what to say. Your optimism really knows no bounds, but what is increasingly typical of Arkansas, some positive signs have shown in a loss of 65-31 at high tide Alabama Crimson.


Towards the end of the game Texas A&M, they found some success by going to the tight end. In what really is the first concrete example found of Positive coaching within the offensive staff, they have built on this, and in the first half it has been amazingly effective. Cheyenne O'grady had a good game, caught two touchdowns. The first was a nice fly by Ty Storey, and the second A goal by Cole Kelley. Another positive was the game of mohamade Boyd, who is looking for more and more like a dry quality back to every game. His 102-Yard Game was the first 100-Yard Rushing performance Arkansas had against Alabama since Darren McFadden in 2007.


The passing game worked because he didn't ask Storey to do too much with the ball, and the numbers reflect that passage. He finished 25/39 with two touchdowns on the game. His biggest problem be protecting the ball. His two escapees were extremely expensive for the hogs. The brightest moment in Arkansas came down 21-7 in the second quarter. Defense got a hit on 4th and 1 and mohamade Boyd just tore a long Alabama 5 Yard line race. Storey tried to take the ball in himself and instead of potentially having a possession game of one and all momentum, he groped just shy of the goal line and the Tide recovered.


Now, for the defense. He was set on fire. Which is not unusual against the tide, especially when tua Tagovailoa gets he goes and boy does he go. After the positive points of the game A & M, they certainly took some distance, even when adjusting the expectations for the opponent. They took the first pass, a dump on the apartments, 76 yards and a touchdown. It can't happen, no matter who the opponent is. After Tagovailoa was comfortable and able to do what he wanted.


While the offense showed signs of life in it, it was A step back for the defense. Now, with some potentially winnable games on the calendar, saying there were positives in a flare loss won't be enough. The games for who came and went. Putting the tide in the rearview mirror means that this is the second half of the season, and it should produce tangible results. Not just good feelings after a blowout








































































.