We didn’t see as many easy touchdowns or quickly-quelled drives for the opposing offense at Kyle Field. Instead we witnessed a street fight between top-ranked Alabama and Texas A&M with the Crimson Tide leaving Texas with a 27-19 divisional win.
Alabama (6-0, 3-0 SEC) amassed 355 yards of total offense on 66 plays, while the defense allowed the Aggies to compile 304 yards on 69 plays. The Tide picked up 16 first downs but struggled a bit on third down, only converting four of its 14 attempts.
While Nick Saban will have plenty to dislike during film review, a win is still a win, and Alabama won its sixth consecutive game in front a 101,058 fans gathered in College Station.
The teams exchanged three-and-outs to start the game, but Texas A&M struck first. Thanks to a 31-yard gain by running back Trayveon Williams on a swing pass from Kellen Mond, the Aggies were quickly in Alabama territory. But the Crimson Tide defense was able to hold the home team out of the end zone, as A&M settled for a 52-yard field goal to take an early 3-0 lead.
The Aggies held a lead on the scoreboard for only 13 seconds, however, as junior Crimson Tide running back Damien Harris found a seam and broke free for a 75-yard touchdown run.
Alabama and Texas A&M swapped three-and-outs again, and one play after an iffy pass interference call on cornerback Levi Wallace, linebacker Shaun Dion Hamilton forced a Mond fumble after a five-yard run and Rashaan Evans recovered it at midfield.
Wait for it … after both teams exchanged three-and-out, Alabama had an opportunity to pad its lead, but senior punter JK Scott missed a 50-yard field goal wide right. His specialist teammate made up for the miss, though, on the ensuing series. Placekicker Andy Pappanastos capped a 12-play, 75-yard drive with a 34-yard field goal to increase UA’s advantage to 10-3.
On that drive quarterback Jalen Hurts, in his first game back in Texas since Hurricane Harvey damaged many homes in his Northshore neighborhood, broke Alabama’s streak of four straight failed third-down conversions. His a 38-yard run proved to be the trick.
The Crimson Tide defense forced and recovered its second fumble of the day on the following drive, giving the ball back to its offense to put more points on the board. Defensive linemen Josh Frazier forced a Williams fumble, and Raekwon Davis emerged with it.
Harris eclipsed 100 yards in the first half with a 27-yard run down to the 1-yard line. The junior tailback rushed for 119 yards and a score on only seven carries. His last run allowed Hurts to cross the goal line for a 1-yard rushing touchdown on a called sweep.
Taking a 17-3 lead to the locker room at intermission, Alabama has now outscored its opponents 83-9 in the first quarters and 145-26 in the first halves of its six games this season.
Receiving the opening kickoff of the third quarter, Hurts found a wide-open Calvin Ridley on third down for a 30-yard pickup. A facemask penalty at the end of the play gave the Tide an extra 15 yards, and Bo Scarbrough picked up the team’s ninth fourth-down conversion in as many tries this season before an eight-yard touchdown pass from Hurts to Henry Ruggs III.
A&M couldn’t move the chains on fourth down thanks to a well-timed pass breakup by Shyheim Carter, but Alabama’s offense gave the ball right back to the Aggies on its first turnover of the year -- and first since last year’s Iron Bowl. Redshirt senior wide receiver Robert Foster lost the fumble on a short throw. The Tide had not turned the football over in 36 quarters.
That led to Texas A&M’s first touchdown of the night. Facing fourth and goal, Mond did his best impression of Johnny Manziel, escaping pressure and keeping the play alive and found Christian Kirk in the end zone for a two-yard score -- while being tackled.
Scott started the fourth quarter with a 19-yard punt, giving A&M prime field position, and the Aggies marched down the field, threatening to score again. But junior safety Minkah Fitzpatrick chose a great time to record his first interception of the season, picking off Mond and running out of bounds at the Alabama 1-yard line. But that didn’t help out his offense.
The Tide mustered three two yards before Scott came on to punt. Texas A&M blocked the senior’s punt into the back of the end zone for a safety, making it a 24-12 game. It was the first time a team scored a safety against Alabama since LSU in 2009.
Pappanastos gave UA some fourth-quarter insurance with a 44-yard field goal with 2:09 left on the clock -- that after the Crimson Tide offense ran 4:40 off the clock in 10 plays, 52 yards.
But Mond made things interesting in the end, leading the team down the field with a 39-yard pass to Cameron Buckley and capping the quick scoring drive with a one-yard touchdown. But Alabama recovered the onside kick and ran out the remaining clock.
Hurts finished with 123 passing yards and a touchdown on 13-of-22 passing, while Harris led the ground game with 124 yards and a score on 14 carries. Defensively, junior defensive end Isaiah Buggs paced the team with a career-high 10 tackles.
Mond threw for 237 yards, two touchdowns (one passing, one rushing) and one interception on 19-of-29 passing.
