For the second week in a row, a defensive back led Alabama’s defense in tackles. Last week against Louisville, it was corner Saivion Smith. And in Saturday’s 57-7 win over Arkansas State, it was sophomore safety Xavier McKinney leading the charge.
The strong safety recorded a team-high seven tackles during the Crimson Tide’s 50-point win in its home opener at Bryant-Denny Stadium, which was two tackles more (5) than he registered in 13 appearances a season ago as a true freshman. McKinney has clearly taken on a larger role on Alabama’s defense, and through two games, he has performed well, per his head coach.
“Xavier has done a really, really good job for us. He’s played well,” Nick Saban said Saturday. “He’s playing two roles for us, you know. He plays strong safety and then he plays dime when we go to six DBs. He’s been physical, he’s been a good tackler, he’s an explosive player.
“He’s getting a lot of confidence, I think, in what’s expected of him and what he has to do. So, he’s done a really good job, and I’m really pleased with the progress that he’s made.”
McKinney also broke up one pass against the Red Wolves, but it could have been more.
Smith picked off Arkansas State quarterback Justice Hansen and returned it 38 yards for a touchdown in the second quarter. McKinney almost made it a pair of pick-sixes in the same quarter when he jumped a Hansen screen pass to Kirk Merritt that provided him with a clear path to the end zone. But he could not hold onto it, resulting instead in a pass breakup. 
“I kind of had my instincts,” McKinney said of the play. “I knew they would run a bubble pass. I was initially blitzing, but I kind of just let my instincts kick in. I should’ve made a play, I dropped it, but we keep moving forward, keep getting better from there. I caught a lot (of flack) from my teammates, my coaches, but we keep going, keep moving past it. Short memory.”
McKinney and company held Hansen and the other two Arkansas State quarterbacks that saw the field Saturday to 218 yards, a touchdown and an interception on 22-of-51 passing. In the first game of the season last week, Hansen threw for six touchdowns and 423 yards.
McKinney was one of three Alabama defensive backs to make their first career starts a week ago, along with Smith and Shyheim Carter. The other two starters, Trevon Diggs and Deionte Thompsonhad a combined three starts between them entering the 2018 campaign.
With essentially having to replace all six starters from the Tide’s 2017 dime defensive backfield, a lot of question marks have swirled around the secondary because of its youth. But like Saban was complimentary of McKinney, McKinney stood behind his fellow defensive backs.
“I think we’re growing good as a defensive unit,” McKinney said. “I think we’re all working together pretty well. I think it’s coming along pretty well for us. I know people say we might be inexperienced or we’ve got a lot of young guys out there, but I think we just continue to keep working and keep moving forward and keep getting better in practice, and I think everything’s coming together.”
