TUSCALOOSA, Ala. -- Alabama starting left tackle Jonah Williams left Saturday’s game against Louisiana-Lafayette near the end of the first quarter and did not return during the 56-14 win.

But Crimson Tide head coach Nick Saban provided a positive update on the three-year starter.

“Jonah Williams just twisted his ankle. He’s fine,” Saban said following the game against the Ragin’ Cajuns. “He could’ve gone back in the game if we wanted him to. We don’t have anybody that we feel like has a significant injury from this game.”

Williams has been the only player to start at left tackle the last 34 games, dating back to his first season in a crimson uniform. The preseason All-America honoree has 15 knockdown blocks in 2018 and has been named a Player of the Week by the coaching staff twice already. When the junior exited the game to visit the medical tent, redshirt sophomore Chris Owens replaced him. 

“(Owens) went in there in a big moment,” redshirt senior center Ross Pierschbacher said. “He stepped in and did a really nice job. He’s always been versatile and played multiple positions for us. I think he’s a guy that can play all five. That’s really valuable for us.”

Right tackle Jedrick Wills also exited the game, but as Saban said, there were no injuries of the significant variety sustained in Saturday’s game at Bryant-Denny Stadium. Wills appeared to take a shot below the belt and was replaced by last year’s starter Matt Womack.

The third player to leave the field with an apparent injury was wide receiver Henry Ruggs III, but unlike the pair of offensive linemen, Ruggs was able to return to the field after taking a big hit. The incident occurred at the end of a 31-yard catch from quarterback Jalen Hurts.

“I kind of got caught on the way down in the air because I went up for it, and it just kind of knocked the wind out of me,” Ruggs said. “I’m good.”

Against ULL, Ruggs led all of the Crimson Tide’s wide receivers with five catches for 116 yards and two touchdowns. The totals were also all career highs for the Montgomery, Ala., native.