Alabama beat Texas A&M, 27-19, Saturday night in College Station to improve to 6-0 overall and 3-0 in the SEC.
The Crimson Tide recovered an onside kick with less than 20 seconds remaining to seal the win after an Aggies touchdown that cut the Tide lead to eight.
Defense leads the way
Alabama's defense led the way in the second half, helping the Tide come out with the win despite Alabama's offense struggling to move the ball against Texas A&M's defense much of the final two quarters.
The Tide limited the Aggies to 308 total yards and came up with big plays like Minkah Fitzpatrick's fourth quarter interception with Texas A&M inside Alabama's 10-yard line and freshman defensive end LaBryan Ray's sack that killed the Aggies' next drive.
Other defensive ends step up
Isaiah Buggs, Raekwon Davis and other defensive ends stepped up big-time with Da'Shawn out.
Buggs had 10 tackles. Davis posted eight tackles, a sack and a fumble recovery. Alabama also got big plays from young players like Ray and redshirt freshman Quinnen Williams. Both recorded their first career sacks.
Uncharacteristic mistakes
Alabama had several uncharacteristic mistakes during the second half that allowed Texas A&M to build momentum and work its way back into the game after the Tide took a 24-3 lead early in the third quarter.
The biggest blunder was a Robert Foster fumble that gave the Aggies the ball at the Alabama 36-yard line. The Aggies scored a touchdown on the ensuing drive to cut the Tide lead to 24-10.
It was Alabama's first turnover since last year's Iron Bowl.
Among the other uncharacteristic lapses: A JK Scott shanked punt early in the fourth quarter that gave Texas A&M the ball at its own 46-yard line and a blocked punt later in the fourth quarter that went out of the end zone for a safety.
More big plays from Damien Harris
Harris ran for 124 yards and a touchdown on just 14 carries.
His biggest play was a 75-yard touchdown run on the first play of the Alabama drive after Texas A&M took an early 3-0 lead.
The junior running back also broke a 27-yard run down to the A&M 1-yard line during the second quarter to set up the Tide's second touchdown.
