Tua time
What we saw Saturday night was special and further proof that Tua Tagovailoa is a truly special talent.

In his first career start, Tagovailoa was 12 of 16 for 227 yards with three total touchdowns - two passing and one rushing - with no interceptions in essentially one half of playing time.

Less than five minutes into the second quarter, he had already thrown for 170 yards and the two touchdowns.

It's probably safe to say that he's going to be Alabama's starting quarterback moving forward.

Jalen Hurts got in for two series during the second quarter and then played some during the second half. He finished 5 of 9 for 70 yards.

Good start for Tosh Lupoi
It was a successful debut for Tosh Lupoi as Alabama's defensive coordinator.

Through the midpoint of the fourth quarter, Louisville only had 195 yards and seven points.

Depth may be a concern on defense, but that starting group looked great.

Quinnen Williams was one of the standouts. The redshirt sophomore defensive lineman posted six tackles, 3.5 stops for a loss, a quarterback hurry and a pass deflection.

Redshirt junior safety Deionte Thompson was another standout. He had a few wow plays and showed off some impressive range in coverage, especially on his first half interception. He finished with five tackles, 1.5 stops for a loss, the interception and three pass breakups.

In all, the Tide had 11 tackles for a loss, three sacks and two interceptions, including a late Shyheim Carter pick-six.

Dominant overall performance
It's only one game, and it's not like Louisville's being talked about as a national title contender by any means, but this was an impressive all-around start for Alabama.

The offense had more than 500 yards. The defense looked like a typical Alabama defense. And there were even big plays on kick and punt returns.

Josh Jacobs returned a kick 77 yards for a touchdown. Jaylen Waddle, meanwhile, averaged 20 yards per return on four punt returns and had a punt return for a touchdown that was called back because of an unnecessary penalty.

This shouldn't come as a surprise, but Alabama looks like a team that will probably end up being right back in the mix for a national title.

Kicking still an issue
One of the only negatives for Alabama Saturday night was the field goal kicking.

New kicker Austin Jones, a grad transfer from Temple, missed an extra point and also a 27-yard field goal.

For what it's worth, he did make a 39-yarder, though.
