Alabama beat Ole Miss, 62-7, Saturday night in Oxford to improve to 3-0. 
Here's a quarter-by-quarter look at the win:
FIRST QUARTER
Thirty-five points were scored during the first quarter.
The last 28 came from Alabama.
After an opening play 75-yard touchdown pass from Jordan Ta'amu to D.K. Metcalf, the Crimson Tide tied the score within a minute and then scored touchdowns on three of their other four first quarter possessions.
The first score was a 43-yard touchdown run from Damien Harris that capped a three-play, 72-yard, 59-second drive.
Alabama then scored on a 79-yard touchdown pass from Tua Tagovailoa to Jerry Jeudy, a 10-yard scoring run from Najee Harris and a 12-yard touchdown pass from Tagovailoa to Irv Smith.
The Smith score was set up by a Deionte Thompson interception, which he returned 40 yards to the Ole Miss 15-yard line.
Key play: Harris' 43-yard touchdown run.
Key player: Tagovailoa, who threw the two touchdown passes and also ran for 32 yards during the quarter.
SECOND QUARTER
Only one thing prevented Alabama from scoring during the second quarter: Field goal kicking.
Joseph Bulovas missed a 37-yard field goal early in the quarter, but Alabama then scored touchdowns on each of its final three possessions of the half.
Josh Jacobs scored on a 4-yard run that was set up by a 35-yard catch from Jeudy. Jeudy then got his second touchdown on the next drive, a 22-yarder from Jalen Hurts.
The third TD of the quarter was a bubble screen from Hurts that Henry Ruggs took 13 yards for a score.
Ole Miss' offense, meanwhile, was limited to 30 yards during the quarter.
Key play: Jeudy's second touchdown, which pushed the Alabama lead to 42-7.
Key player: Jeudy, who ended the first half with three catches for 136 yards and the two touchdowns.
THIRD QUARTER
Alabama added 10 more points during the third quarter and had its third-string quarterback in before the end of the quarter.
After missing the field goal during the second quarter, Bulovas made one early in the third quarter, a 20-yarder.
The Tide later added touchdown No. 8, which came on a defensive score. Safety Xavier McKinney picked off Ta'amu and ran 30 yards for a touchdown that got Alabama's lead up to 59-7.
Ole Miss' offense was held to 19 yards and one first down during the third quarter.
Key play: Bulovas' field goal. At that point, it had to be a relief for Alabama coaches to simply see a kicker avoid missing, even if the kick was the equivalent of an extra point.
FOURTH QUARTER
The only question during the fourth quarter was whether the two teams would hit the over on the score total, which was in the 71-72 range.
They didn't.
Bulovas made a 44-yard field goal a few minutes into the quarter, but that was the last of the scoring.
Alabama spent most of the quarter just trying to run the clock out.
And, as was the case pretty much the rest of the game after Ole Miss' opening drive, the Rebels couldn't move the ball against the Tide defense, even when it was Ole Miss' starters against Alabama's backups.
Key play: Bulovas' field goal.
Key player: Bulovas, who bounced back from that early miss and made his next two kicks, including the 44-yarder.
