Alabama football head coach Nick Saban and the Crimson Tide face a daunting offense that last year averaged 544.8 yards per game. The central figure, Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Lamar Jackson left a year early for the NFL.
Alabama is 2-1 all-time against Louisville. The last contest was the 1991 Fiesta Bowl featuring a white-hot quarterback Browning Nagle smoking the Crimson Tide for 451 yards and three touchdowns.
Petrino and Saban will match wits Saturday night in Camping World Stadium in Orlando. Alabama football rolls into the Magic Kingdom as the number one team in the country. Louisville enters the contest as a Top 40 squad.
Louisville’s instant offense versus Tide’s ironclad defense. The Alabama offense has to put points on the board in this game.
Tide running backs combine for over 300 yards rushing
Expect running backs Damien Harris, Najee Harris and Josh Jacobs to genuinely dominant the Louisville Cardinals run defense. The Mount Kilimanjaro sized offensive line of Jonah Williams, Lester Cotton Jr., Ross Pierschbacher, Alex Leatherwood and Jedrick Wills will effectively punish defenders and control the line of scrimmage.
During a reported Louisville scrimmage, the defense yielded five rushing touchdowns. Last year’s wobbly defense allowed 163 yards rushing per game, good for No. 63 in the country. Four times Louisville permitted more than 200 yards rushing, Clemson (297), Boston College (364), Kentucky (228) and Mississippi State (277). New defensive coordinator Brian VanGorder has his work cut out to make this a sound defensive team.
The Cardinals do not own any potential All Americans in their backfield like Alabama. The law firm of Harris and Harris are the best two backs Louisville will face all season. Louisville will be tempted to open a defamation of character lawsuit after the two backs expose their defense.
Austin Jones nails two 50 yarders for Alabama football
Kicking difficulties comes with the territory of being a Crimson Tide fan. Andy Pappanastos’ missed 36-yard field goal at the end of regulation of the national championship game is just one of many miscues that have haunted the Tide.
Alabama needs a consistent, long-range field goal kicker like Georgia’s Rodrigo Blakenship. The junior nailed a 55-yarder against Oklahoma in the semis.  Last season, Andy did not attempt any 50+ yard field goals. Punter J.K Scott, handling both kicking and punting duties, attempted two 50 yarders that were unsuccessful.
Temple grad transfer Austin Jones boasts a powerful leg and can possibly become what Alabama desperately needs. During his career at Temple, he made 50 of 67 field goals, including a school record 19 consecutive field goals. His career long is 47 yards, which occurred during his freshman season. Reportedly, he nailed 50 yarders during the Tide’s two fall scrimmages.
The inexperienced secondary will allow over 300 passing yards
Six players from last years secondary have departed. Louisville head coach Bobby Petrino is an offensive genius. However, he never beat the Tide in his time in Arkansas. Petrino’s complicated passing offense can give Alabama problems. In 2010, Ryan Mallett threw for 357 yards with one touchdown and three picks.
Given the inexperience of the secondary, expect Petrino and quarterback Jawon Pass to pepper in different looks to confuse the youngsters. The top three returning receivers for Louisville combined for 2,321 yards.
Although the yardage will be aplenty, the secondary will only allow one passing score.
A Punt return touchdown will occur
Last season, Alabama did not have a special teams touchdown.
Trevon Diggs and Henry Ruggs III combined for 69 percent of the kick and punt return yardage last season. Diggs had the longest kick return for 55 yards. Xavian Marks converted the longest punt return of 26 yards.
With a year of experience under their belts, the return game production should increase. Described as displaying David Palmer type ability, explosive true freshman Jaylen Waddle adds an extraordinary game-breaking capability to the returning cast.
Tua tosses three touchdowns in blowout victory
Junior quarterback Jalen Hurts will begin under center for the first offensive series. Saban will remain loyal to the star whose record of 26-2 is exemplary.
Expect Tua Tagovailoa to emerge on the next series and not look back. New offensive coordinator Michael Locksley has in his possession two Lamborghini quarterbacks that could start on any team in the Football Bowl Subdivision.
Tagovailoa brings balance to the force reminiscent of Darth Vader in Star Wars. Defenses cannot load the box with their only mission to defend the run. Alabama’s dangerous trio of receivers Jerry Jeudy, Henry Ruggs III and Devonta Smith will benefit significantly from Tua’s deft passing in this contest.
On paper, the 2018 offense could become the most lethal offense during the Nick Saban era. Tagovailoa can spin the ball unlike any quarterback in Alabama history.
