Alabama football dominated Louisiana Ragin’ Cajuns 56-14 during an early Saturday morning kickoff. Head coach Nick Saban sports a 14-0 record against his former assistants.
Several big-time performances occurred during Alabama football’s victory Saturday morning. The Crimson Tide gained 608 yards of offense and allowed only 288. The defense recorded two interceptions along with five sacks.

Let’s get to week five studs and duds:

Studs:
All Three Quarterbacks

Heisman favorite Tua Tagovailoa keeps impressing. The sophomore finished the game 8 of 8 for 126 yards and two touchdowns.

Jalen Hurts entered the game to roaring applause in the second quarter. As flooded social media timelines with Clemson quarterback Kelly Bryant transferring after losing his starting job to true freshman Trevor Lawrence, Hurts’ appearance crushed any notion of him moving. After his improved performance this season, many are glad he decided to remain in Tuscaloosa. Jalen was 4-of-6 for 118 yards with a 54-yard touchdown strike to Ruggs III.

Lastly, Mac Jones threw only two passes, but one was a 94-yard touchdown pass to true freshman Jaylen Waddle. All three combined for 340 yards and four scores.

Jaylen Waddle

The dazzling true freshman scored his first collegiate touchdown on a 63-yard punt return. The Texas native displayed an appetite for the end zone today. He caught a 20-yard score from Tua before the half. Waddle scored from 94 yards in the third quarter for the Tide’s final score of the day. Waddle’s receiving average on the day was 46 yards per catch.

Putting up 201 yards and three scores is a phenomenal day for blazingly fast Jaylen. Everything that leaked out of fall camp mentioning him as a mini David Palmer has come to fruition.

Henry Ruggs III

Sophomore wide receiver Ruggs collected his first 100-yard receiving game at Alabama Saturday. When Alabama receivers line up, defenders have to pick their poison. Jerry Jeudy, Devonta Smith, Waddle or Ruggs are all game breakers. However, Ruggs has been a stud the past two games. Henry is averaging 25.6 yards per reception in the last two games.

Xavier McKinney

McKinney is the other half of a dynamite safety duo with Deionte Thompson. The Roswell, Georgia native sacked the quarterback and recorded a pick. McKinney is quietly having an All-SEC season. He is third on the team in tackles with 22, tied for the team lead in interceptions with two and two QB sacks.