Alabama football (6-0,3-0 SEC) dominated the Arkansas Razorbacks (1-5,0-3 SEC) 65-31 on an early Saturday morning game. Next up for Alabama are the Missouri Tigers.
Several big-time performances occurred during Alabama football’s victory Saturday morning. The Crimson Tide gained 639 yards of offense while allowing an unlikely 405 yards to an inept Arkansas offense.

Let’s get to week six studs and duds.

RELATED STORY: Crimson Tide Wins Against Hogs in an un-Saban like fashion
Studs
Tua Tagovailoa

There is a theory that you cannot win the Heisman Trophy in September and October. Tua Tagovailoa will smash that theory en route to a record-breaking season at quarterback. Passing efficiency is Tua’s game. An absurd number for the star quarterback is that he has thrown for 18 touchdowns and only has 25 incompletions on the season. In the first half alone, Tua completed 10-of-11 passes for 334 yards and four touchdowns in an SEC conference game. Throw in a 466 passer rating.

Ridiculous.

Tagovailoa averages 13.19 yards per pass attempt and possesses a QBR of 98.5 out of 100. Lastly, he has yet to throw a pass in the fourth quarter. As Jay Z once said, “What more can I say, what more can I do!”

Damien Harris

The senior leader rushed for 111 yards and two scores. The feat was Harris’ first 100-yard game this season. Harris averaged 7.4 yards per rush providing a steady hand to the Alabama football rushing game.

Harris was not the only Tide running back with impressive numbers. Najee Harris and Josh Jacobs both averaged over 8.5 yards-per-carry. The Crimson Tide improved its team rushing game numbers with 246 yards and four scores.

Irv Smith Jr

The junior tight end opened the game with a 76-yard reception for a touchdown. Smith ended the game with a career-high 123 yards on just two receptions.

Whether the six-foot-four, 251-pounder is running past defenders or trucking them, Smith Jr. is becoming a key cog in the well-oiled machine that is Alabama’s offense.

Jerry Jeudy

Jeudy recorded his 7th touchdown reception, and we are just six games into the season. Tied for No. 7 on Alabama’s single-season touchdown reception list, Jeudy is having a remarkable season. The sophomore receiver finished the game with 135 yards and one score.

 

Shyheim Carter

Saban’s most versatile defensive back reached the end zone on his second pick-six of the season with 12:15 left in the fourth quarter. The Tide has four pick-sixes on the season. Add in five tackles, and this junior had a heck of a game despite an overturned targeting call. Shyheim’s versatility brings experience and depth to a talented secondary. Carter lines up as the nickel back in nickel and as a safety in the dime, and since Alabama football mainly plays the nickel defense, he rarely leaves the field.