ORLANDO, Fla. — Top-ranked Alabama throttled Louisville, 51-14, in the teams' season opener Saturday night at Camping World Stadium.

Louisville felt like it was in the game for about 18 minutes, but an early second-quarter interception became a 14-point swing that buried the Cards.

Here are four takeaways from Louisville's loss:

Glaring speed difference
When Bobby Petrino returned to Louisville in 2014, he spoke at great length about depth and speed and how important those two things would be if the Cardinals wanted to successfully adjust to the ACC (and catch up to Clemson and Florida State). Four years later, it's fair to question if progress has been made there.

Louisville's depth issues were exposed last season, when injuries to Jaire Alexander and Stacy Thomas showed just how thin the Cards were behind their stars.

Tidal Wave: Alabama overwhelms Louisville football in season opener

The speed gap was evident on Saturday. FSU has faded a little bit in college football's pecking order, but Clemson is on par with Alabama, and Alabama showed just how far Louisville is from the game's elite. The Crimson Tide's receivers had a field day getting open, blowing past Louisville's defensive backs or leaving them behind after catches. The difference in speed was noticeable everywhere on the field, including on special teams.


It certainly didn't help that a Louisville native like Rondale Moore, a former Trinity High star, showed off his elite speed in a spectacular performance for Purdue in his college debut. 

Pass starts well but fades
In his first start for Louisville, Jawon Pass began on the right fit. He rolled to his right and threw a simple pass to Micky Crum. Much of the first quarter was like that, with Pass making the smart, efficient throws. In the final sequence of the opening frame, Pass sidestepped the pass rush to complete a pass and also scrambled away from pressure for a first down.

But his good start was undone quickly in the second quarter. He didn't see Alabama safety Deionte Thompson in the area before hanging up a pass for an interception. The throw needed to be deeper into the end zone and closer to the sideline. Even with Thompson making an athletic, fast play on the ball, the turnover was avoidable. 

All that said, there's no way anyone will put Saturday's loss on Pass. Louisville killed its chances with a bunch of other problems. Quarterback play wasn't one of them, and the fourth-quarter pick-six happened with the game so far out of hand that it barely registers.

And the flashes will serve as glimmers of hope going forward for Pass and the Cards. His touchdown throw in the third quarter showed his potential — he escaped pocket pressure and tossed a strike to Kemari Averett in the back of the end zone. He finished 20-of-39 for 252 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions.

Offensive line struggles
There has to be a healthy dose of "look, it was Bama," when discussing this game, but Louisville's offensive front can clean up its play going forward. 

Cole Bentley labored with his snaps, sending several low before one nearly became a fumble. He also had a few holding penalties. Mekhi Becton picked up a false start in the red zone in the third quarter. 

Those are things that Louisville can fix, things that don't have much to do with the opponent.

Take a look: Louisville's 2018 football schedule 

Can anyone count? 
Louisville will be in the market on Sunday morning for a substitutions analyst after the embarrassing rash of illegal substitution penalties. There were four in the first half, all for having 12 men on the field.

That lack of discipline — that the sideline was in such disarray — is on the coaching staff. It only amplified that point when Louisville received a sideline warning from the officials. 
